PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH..."
THE BATTLE OF
THE GODS HAS BEGUN!
NEXT...I SUMMON MY
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD--
SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON!
STARE INTO THE FACE
OF DEFEAT, KAIBA!
COME FORTH NOW,
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR!
USE YOUR INFINITE POWER
TO BRING ME VICTORY!
[CHUCKLING]
MY MIGHTY EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD IS HERE AT LAST!
YUGI, THE EGYPTIAN GODS
ARE ABOUT TO CLASH.
BUT ONLY ONE MONSTER
WILL REMAIN STANDING.
NOW IT'S TIME TO FIND
OUT WHICH ONE!
[CHUCKLING]
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-DUEL!
Kaiba: YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
IS NO MATCH FOR MINE, YUGI.
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT, KAIBA.
YOUR OBELISK MAY BE
MORE POWERFUL THAN
MY SLIFER RIGHT NOW,
BUT THAT
CAN ALL CHANGE.
PLEASE, YUGI. ONCE YOUR
MONSTER CROSSES PATHS
WITH THE MIGHTY FIST
OF OBELISK THE TORMENTOR,
IT'S HISTORY.
I HOPE I HAVEN'T MISSED
ALL THE GOOD STUFF.
HUH? NO WAY.
SETO AND YUGI BOTH
HAVE EGYPTIAN GOD
CARDS ON THE FIELD.
THIS IS NUTS.
CHECK IT OUT!
THAT'S KAIBA!
[CROWD TALKING EXCITEDLY]
COOL! AMAZING!
WHAT MONSTERS
ARE THOSE?
HEY, IT'S
ABOUT TO START.
I'M SO EXCITED.
THOSE MUST BE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
I'VE HEARD THEY'RE
THE STRONGEST CREATURES
IN DUEL MONSTERS.
OH!
THOSE THINGS
ARE HUGE!
THEY'RE INCREDIBLE.
I'VE SAILED AROUND
THE WORLD AND NEVER
SEEN SUCH BEASTS.
Serenity:
DON'T GIVE UP, JOEY.
WE'RE ALL RIGHT HERE.
HEY, GUYS!
TRISTAN!
WE FINALLY
GOT THROUGH.
THEY'RE SENDING
A CHOPPER FOR JOEY.
THANK YOU
SO MUCH, TRISTAN.
HEY, BUDDY.
WE'RE TAKING YOU TO
A REAL HOSPITAL NOW.
AAH! OH, MAN.
GUYS,
OUT THERE!
WAIT!
AREN'T THOSE TWO OF
THE 3 EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS?
YUP. AND IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY'RE ABOUT TO BRAWL.
LET'S JUST HOPE
YUGI'S IS STRONGER.
COME ON...
[ROARING]
HA HA! ALL RIGHT.
LET THE CHAOS
AND DESTRUCTION BEGIN.
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO SEND
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
TO THE GRAVEYARD, YUGI.
LAST I CHECKED, YOU WERE
ONLY HOLDING TWO CARDS,
WHICH MEANS SLIFER ONLY
HAS 2,000 ATTACK POINTS--
HALF OF
WHAT OBELISK HAS.
YOUR SO-CALLED
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD IS
POWERLESS AGAINST MINE.
YOU SEEM
TO HAVE OVERLOOKED
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
NOW WATCH,
AS MY EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD
WEAKENS YOURS
WITH THE INCREDIBLE
POWER OF
ITS SECOND MOUTH.
SLIFER,
ACTIVATE YOUR
SPECIAL ABILITY NOW!
NEXT TIME,
YOU'LL THINK TWICE
ABOUT SUMMONING
A MONSTER IN
SLIFER'S PRESENCE.
AAH!
NOW, WHAT WAS THAT
YOU WERE SAYING
ABOUT YOUR EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD BEING
STRONGER THAN MINE?
TAKE A CLOSE
LOOK, KAIBA.
OUR MONSTERS
ARE EVEN NOW.
TOO BAD YOUR
MONSTER'S EFFECT IS
ONLY TEMPORARY, YUGI.
ONCE THIS TURN IS
OVER, OBELISK WILL HAVE
ALL OF HIS POWER BACK.
PERHAPS, BUT I'VE
STILL PREVENTED YOU
FROM ATTACKING ME
THIS TURN, KAIBA.
[GROWLS]
STALLING FOR TIME IS
A SIGN OF WEAKNESS, YUGI.
YOU'RE
OBVIOUSLY DESPERATE.
NOW IT'S MY MOVE,
SO STAND BACK.
I PLAY TWO CARDS,
BOTH FACE DOWN!
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
VERY WELL.
IT'S MY MOVE.
SORRY, KAIBA,
BUT SINCE I'M NOW
HOLDING 3 CARDS,
SLIFER'S
ATTACK POINTS
RISE TO 3,000.
BUT NOW THAT
YOUR TURN IS OVER,
OBELISK REGAINS
ITS FULL STRENGTH.
SO YOUR MONSTER
IS WEAKER AGAIN.
NOT QUITE, KAIBA!
OBSERVE
MY FACEDOWN CARD--
POT OF GREED!
THANKS TO THE EFFECT
OF THIS MAGIC CARD,
I CAN NOW DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS
FROM MY DECK.
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS...
SLIFER'S
ATTACK POINTS
NOW RISE TO 5,000...
MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO TAKE DOWN
YOUR OBELISK
AND WIPE OUT
HALF YOUR
LIFE POINTS, KAIBA.
[GROWLS]
NOW, MY DRAGON,
ATTACK!
HOLD ON, YUGI!
NOW I ACTIVATE...
COMMAND SILENCER.
[HIGH-PITCHED TONE]
WHAT IS THAT?!
AAH!
MY COMMAND SILENCER
HAS DEAFENED YOUR SKY DRAGON
WITH ITS EXTREMELY
POWERFUL SHRIEK.
AND SINCE YOUR MONSTER
COULDN'T HEAR YOUR COMMAND,
I'M AFRAID YOUR ATTACK
IS CANCELED OUT.
NICE TRY, YUGI.
NEXT I GET TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
NOW, FINISH YOUR MOVE
SO I CAN END THIS.
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
IS STILL MORE
POWERFUL THAN YOURS.
THAT MAY BE THE CASE,
BUT YOU'RE FORGETTING
ONE THING,
I HAVE A CARD
FACEDOWN ON THE FIELD.
HE'S RIGHT! AND IF
THAT CARD'S WHAT
I THINK IT IS,
IT CAN LOWER
MY SLIFER'S
ATTACK POINTS,
MAKING IT WEAK
ENOUGH TO DESTROY.
WHAT SHOULD I DO?
Kaiba: OBELISK IS LOSING
HIS PATIENCE, YUGI,
SO FINISH YOUR MOVE.
ALL RIGHT!
I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
ON THE FIELD
AND END MY TURN.
NOW FEEL FREE
TO ATTACK ME, KAIBA.
WHAT'S HE THINKING?
HE JUST
WEAKENED HIS MONSTER
BY 2,000 POINTS.
WHAT'S WRONG,
KAIBA?
ARE YOU AFRAID
OF MY TWO
FACEDOWN CARDS?
GO, YUGI!
THIS IS INSANE.
KAIBA HAS TO ATTACK NOW.
IT'S MY MOVE.
HOLD ON, KAIBA.
I ACTIVATE
MY MAGIC CARD--
CARD DESTRUCTION.
NOW WE MUST BOTH
DISCARD EVERY
CARD IN OUR HAND.
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
NEXT WE MUST
REPLENISH OUR HANDS
WITH THE SAME
NUMBER OF CARDS.
FINE!
NOW WHAT'S HE DOING?
HE DIDN'T CHANGE
THE NUMBER OF
CARDS IN HIS HAND,
SO HIS MONSTER'S ATTACK
POINTS STAY THE SAME.
NEXT I'LL REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD.
DISGRACEFUL
CHARITY, GO!
HMM?
KAIBA, NOW WE
MUST REDRAW
THE CARDS WE
JUST THREW OUT,
GIVING ME A GRAND
TOTAL OF 6 CARDS
IN MY HAND.
OH, NO.
THIS CAN'T BE!
I THINK YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS NOW.
MY SLIFER GAINS
3,000 POINTS
FOR A TOTAL
OF 6,000.
[ROARING]
IMPRESSIVE MOVE, YUGI.
BUT YOU'LL HAVE TO DO BETTER
THAN THAT TO DEFEAT ME,
BECAUSE THAT LITTLE
STUNT YOU JUST PULLED
WITH YOUR FACEDOWN CARDS
HELPED ME OUT AS WELL
BY GIVING ME JUST THE CARDS
I NEEDED TO WIN THIS DUEL.
EXPLAIN.
THANKS TO YOU,
I WAS ABLE TO DRAW
THIS MAGIC CARD--
THIRST FOR COMPENSATION.
IT LETS ME SUMMON
2 MONSTERS FROM MY HAND
DIRECTLY TO THE FIELD.
OBSERVE!
I PLAY SWORD OF SOUL
AND BLADE KNIGHT.
YOU'RE WASTING
YOUR TIME.
THOSE MONSTERS ARE
TOO WEAK TO SURVIVE.
SLIFER AUTOMATICALLY
STRIKES EVERY
MONSTER YOU SUMMON.
NOW, SLIFER, ATTACK!
I'M AFRAID
THAT WON'T WORK.
I ACTIVATE CARD GUARD.
NO!
YES, NOW I CAN DISCARD
TWO CARDS FROM MY HAND,
WHICH MEANS CARD GUARD
PROTECTS THEM BOTH.
I'M NOT IMPRESSED.
THEY'RE STILL TOO
WEAK TO BE USEFUL.
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK.
YUGI, HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
THAT OBELISK HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY
AS WELL?
AND JUST AS SOON
AS I ACTIVATE IT,
YOU'RE FINISHED.
JUST TRY IT.
VERY WELL.
BUT YOU'LL REGRET
THOSE WORDS.
I SACRIFICE
MY TWO MONSTERS
TO TRIGGER
THE SPECIAL ABILITY OF
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
ARE YOU AWARE OF
WHAT HAPPENS NOW?
ALLOW ME
TO EXPLAIN, YOU FOOL.
THESE TWO SACRIFICES
ALLOW OBELISK
TO STORM THE FIELD,
DEALING 4,000
POINTS OF DAMAGE
TO EVERYTHING
IN ITS PATH.
[ROARING]
AND WHEN I SAY
EVERYTHING, YUGI,
THAT INCLUDES
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
SO PREPARE
TO BE WIPED OUT.
THIS CAN'T BE!
YES, IT CAN!
WAY TO GO, SETO!
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR,
DEPLETE HIS LIFE POINTS
RIGHT NOW.
OBELISK, DESTROY YUGI
AND BRING ME VICTORY.
[ROARING]
HOLD ON!
MY WALL OF KURIBOHS
WILL PROTECT ME.
NOTHING CAN STOP
THE WRATH OF OBELISK.
LOOK, GUYS.
OH, MAN.
WHAT'S WITH
THE FIREWORKS?
Tea: I DON'T KNOW, BUT
LET'S HOPE YUGI'S OK.
THAT'S RIGHT! HE
BETTER NOT HAVE BEEN
ON THE RECEIVING
END OF THAT BLAST.
YUGI.
FINALLY,
YUGI LOST TO ME!
[CHUCKLING]
OH, REALLY?
[GRUNTS]
YUGI? BUT HOW?
WHAT'S WRONG, KAIBA?
WERE YOU EXPECTING
ME TO GO SOMEWHERE?
DON'T YOU KNOW
THAT DISCARDING
KURIBOH FROM MY HAND
PROTECTS
MY LIFE POINTS?
KURIBOH,
I WOULD HAVE LOST
THIS DUEL WITHOUT YOU.
[CALLS]
YOU MOCK ME?
HOW DARE YOU DEFY
THE MIGHT OF OBELISK
WITH THAT PUNY KURIBOH!
THIS IS NOT OVER, YUGI.
IT WILL BE SOON ENOUGH.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACE DOWN ON THE FIELD,
AND THAT ENDS MY TURN.
VERY WELL!
MY MOVE!
SORRY, KAIBA,
BUT SINCE I'VE
DRAWN A CARD,
SLIFER'S ATTACK
POINTS
INCREASE TO 6,000.
SLIFER,
DESTROY HIS OBELISK!
OH, NO! SETO!
KAIBA'S LIFE POINTS
ARE GONE.
NOW END THIS!
SORRY TO DISAPPOINT
YOU, YUGI.
HUH?
YOU TRIGGERED
MY TRAP CARD,
POWER BALANCE!
WHAT'S THAT?
KAIBA, WHAT'S
GOING ON?
THANKS TO MY
POWER BALANCE TRAP,
YOU HAVE TO DISCARD HALF
OF THE CARDS IN YOUR HAND.
OH, NO!
I'M AFRAID SO.
AND SINCE YOU LOSE
3 CARDS,
SLIFER'S ATTACK POINTS
REDUCE BY 3,000.
SO LET'S GO.
I DON'T HAVE ALL DAY.
THROW OUT YOUR 3 CARDS!
VERY WELL, KAIBA.
AS A SECONDARY EFFECT,
I GET TO DRAW 3 CARDS.
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
MY OBELISK IS
STRONGER THAN YOUR
SLIFER ONCE AGAIN, YUGI.
TIME TO RETURN THE FAVOR.
NOW, THEN,
GO, OBELISK. SHOW
YUGI SOME REAL POWER!
HOLD ON, KAIBA!
SLIFER'S NOT
GOING ANYWHERE!
I HAPPEN TO HAVE
A MAGIC CARD
THAT WILL TURN
THINGS AROUND!
NOW I ACTIVATE
MY NECROMANCY CARD!
OBSERVE!
KAIBA, YOU MAY WANT
TO KEEP A CLOSE EYE
ON YOUR DUEL DISK.
AAH! WHAT'S THIS?
[GROANING]
BLADE KNIGHT?
SWORD OF SOUL?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY ARE ALL
OF MY MONSTERS
RETURNING TO THE FIELD?
NECROMANCY RESTORES
4 MONSTERS FROM
YOUR GRAVEYARD, KAIBA.
AND THEY EACH RETURN
TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
YUGI, WHY WOULD YOU
WASTE YOUR TIME
GIVING ME MORE MONSTERS
TO ATTACK YOU WITH?
I'M GLAD THAT
YOU ASKED, KAIBA.
MY CARD HAS
AN UNFORTUNATE
SIDE EFFECT, TOO.
[GROWLS]
IF ANY OF
THESE MONSTERS
ARE DESTROYED,
MY NECROMANCY
WILL WEAKEN YOUR
REMAINING BEASTS
BY 600 POINTS, KAIBA!
AND SINCE MONSTERS
HAVE BEEN PLAYED
ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD,
MY SLIFER'S
SPECIAL EFFECT
HAS BEEN TRIGGERED.
ACTIVATE
LIGHTNING BLAST!
[KAIBA GROANING]
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
SINCE SLIFER DESTROYED
YOUR 4 NEW MONSTERS,
MY NECROMANCY
MAGIC CARD WEAKENS
YOUR ONE REMAINING
MONSTER.
SO OBELISK LOSES
2,400 ATTACK POINTS!
YUGI, I NEVER THOUGHT
YOU'D TAKE
SUCH A CHEAP SHOT
AT MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
THE TABLES
HAVE TURNED
ONCE AGAIN.
AND YOUR MONSTER'S
STRENGTH PALES
IN COMPARISON
TO MINE!
SLIFER, DESTROY
OBELISK NOW!
NOT QUITE, YUGI!
WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE, KAIBA?
HMM. WHO? ME?
IT HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH WHAT I'VE DONE.
IT'S WHAT YOU'VE DONE
BY USING YOUR
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
TO DESTROY
MY SWORD OF SOUL,
WHICH ALLOWS ME TO ADD
1,000 ATTACK POINTS
TO ANY MONSTER I CHOOSE.
AND I CHOOSE MY OBELISK!
THANKS TO YOU,
I WAS ABLE TO INCREASE
OBELISK'S ATTACK POINTS.
NOW, OBELISK,
DESTROY HIS SLIFER!
[ROARING]
IT'S OVER.
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
IS ANCIENT HISTORY.
WHAT? YOUR SLIFER
SHOULD HAVE BEEN DESTROYED.
WELL, IT WOULD
HAVE BEEN
HAD I NOT STOPPED
OBELISK FROM
ATTACKING, KAIBA.
WHAT?
AND I HAVE YOU TO
THANK FOR GIVING ME
THE ABILITY TO
PROTECT MY EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD FROM YOURS.
FOR THAT TASK
WAS ONLY POSSIBLE
THANKS
TO A TRAP CARD
THAT YOU PLAYED.
WHEN YOU ACTIVATED
YOUR POWER BALANCE CARD,
I HAD TO PLACE
3 CARDS IN
MY GRAVEYARD,
INCLUDING THIS.
HMM. RECOGNIZE IT?
IT'S A USEFUL
MONSTER CARD KNOWN
AS ELECTROMAGNETIC
TURTLE.
AND IT HAS QUITE
A UNIQUE
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHEN THIS MONSTER
IS SENT TO
THE GRAVEYARD,
IT LEAVES A SMALL
ELECTRODE ATTACHED
TO ONE
OF MY MONSTERS,
IN THIS CASE
SLIFER!
AND IT LET YOU STOP
OUR BATTLE
BEFORE SLIFER
WAS UNLUCKY ENOUGH
TO COLLIDE WITH OBELISK.
WELL, I SEE YOU DID
YOUR HOMEWORK, KAIBA.
NOW I PLACE
THIS CARD FACE DOWN.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
NICE ONE, YUGI!
GO, KAIBA.
WHAT A DUEL!
THIS COULD TAKE ALL DAY!
NEITHER EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
CAN BE DESTROYED!
ALL RIGHT!
THIS IS A WHALE
OF A DUEL!
[CHUCKLING]
THIS IS THE DUEL I'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR.
IT'S THE ULTIMATE BATTLE
OF INTELLECT AND POWER.
EVERY TIME I DUEL
AGAINST YUGI,
I'M PUSHED TO MY LIMITS
AND CHALLENGED
IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY.
[ROARING]
[NEIGHING]
EVEN THOUGH I DEFEATED
HIM IN DUELIST KINGDOM,
HE'S KNOWN AS THE WORLD'S
GREATEST DUELIST!
Yami-Yugi: OH, NO!
[CHUCKLING]
BUT THAT TITLE
BELONGS TO ME.
AND WHEN I WIN
THE BATTLE CITY TOURNAMENT,
I'LL HAVE IT BACK!
IT'S ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE YUGI'S REPUTATION
COMES CRUMBLING DOWN
AT THE HANDS OF
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
ALL RIGHT, YUGI.
MY MOVE!
YOU READY?
NOW, THEN,
YOU ONLY HAVE ONE CARD
IN YOUR HAND.
THAT MEANS SLIFER'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE 1,000.
SO LET'S SEE
YOU ESCAPE NOW.
IT'S TIME TO SHOW
THE WORLD THAT I'M
SUPERIOR TO YOU.
GO, OBELISK!
ANNIHILATE HIS SLIFER
WITH YOUR FIST OF FATE.
GUESS AGAIN!
REVEAL
THE MAGIC CARD--
SPELL TEXTBOOK!
NOW I MUST DISCARD
EVERY CARD IN MY HAND.
AND IN EXCHANGE, I
CAN DRAW ONE NEW CARD.
I CAN THEN PLAY THE CARD
IMMEDIATELY,
BUT ONLY IF I DRAW
A MAGIC CARD.
NOW THAT SLIFER'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE ZERO,
YOU'LL LOSE THE DUEL.
OBELISK, WIPE OUT
HIS LIFE POINTS!
THIS IS IT!
IF I DON'T DRAW
THE RIGHT CARD NOW,
I'LL LOSE TO KAIBA
AND BE ELIMINATED
FROM THE TOURNAMENT!
COME ON, JOEY,
GUIDE ME!
I NEED YOUR HELP
TO SAVE THE WORLD.
I ACTIVATE
THIS MAGIC CARD!
WHAT'S THAT?
CARD OF SANCTITY!
IT REQUIRES BOTH
OF US TO DRAW
UNTIL EACH
ONE OF US IS
HOLDING 6 CARDS.
OH, NO!
THAT MEANS
HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
INCREASES IN STRENGTH!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND NOW SLIFER HAS
6,000 ATTACK POINTS.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE
THIS DUEL, KAIBA!
HOLD ON. I ACTIVATE
MY FINAL TRAP CARD--
LIFE SHAVER!
IT SHAVES 2,000 ATTACK POINTS
OFF YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
KAIBA CORP HOLOGRAMS
AREN'T SUPPOSED TO DO THIS!
[CROWD SCREAMING]
LOOK OUT!
Tristan: I DON'T
KNOW WHAT THE DEAL IS,
BUT THIS DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
YUGI!
Tea: WHAT COULD BE
GOING ON, YOU GUYS?
Tristan: I CAN'T SEE
A THING OUT THERE!
THE TRUE POWER OF ANCIENT EGYPT
IS BEGINNING TO REVEAL ITSELF!
AND I FEAR FOR US ALL!